you
alright today we're going to kekkai a
Waldorf salad it's a delicious
alternative to the original so let's go
ahead we have some kale it's a great
nutrient dense green I have some celery
in there some diced celery I have some
diced red apple as well I have some
toasted walnuts that I toast dry toasted
in a pan earlier I have some currants or
you can use raisins either one gives it
a nice little kick of sweetness in there
let's go ahead now I'll make the sauce
ok I'm going to start off with some red
wine vinegar then use some Dijon mustard
then add for sweetness and then add some
raisins in there as well or currents
either way I'm going to add some of
those toasted walnuts that's going to
give it a nice creaminess I have some
apple again to add a little bit of
sweetener in there and also a touch of
date paste date paste I made earlier
it's dates and water blend until smooth
just a touch of that or you can use a
whole date whatever you have handy a
little bit of sea salt a little bit of
black pepper let's go ahead and just add
a touch of water in there as well okay
we're gonna blend that up
alright alright I'm going to add the
sauce to the salad ingredients I have
here just toss those up and you have the
burst of sweetness in there with the
Apple with the raisins this is a really
nice side dish or salad or you can make
it an entree serve it with some grilled
tofu if you wish or grilled chicken
alright let's serve that up just a
really refreshing salad at those fruits
in there I'm going to garnish that with
some sliced grapes as well gives a
little bit more texture and there you
have kale Waldorf salad